{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Segoe UI Semibold;}{\f2 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red15\green23\blue42;\red88\green28\blue255;\red0\green176\blue240;\red71\green85\blue105;\red226\green232\blue240;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl900\margr900\margt720\margb720
\viewkind4\uc1

\pard\qr\cf4\f2\fs18 Last Updated: March 2026\cf1\f0\par
\pard\sa80\par

\pard\qc\b\f1\fs42\cf2 Sambhav Sehgal\cf1\b0\f0\fs22\par
\pard\qc\cf1\fs20 Full-Stack Developer | AI-Powered Product Builder\par
\pard\qc\cf4\fs20 Ambala, Haryana, India  |  +91-7988280245  |  sambhav.sehgal.007@gmail.com\par
\pard\qc\cf4\fs19 github.com/sambhav-007  |  linkedin.com/in/sambhav-sehgal-35896a334  |  sambhavsehgal.vercel.app\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 SUMMARY\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par
\pard\cf1 Full-stack developer building production-ready products with strong UI/UX, scalable backend systems, and practical AI integrations. Delivered real client projects in real estate and hospitality, and built automation/CV tools that reduce manual effort and improve operational speed.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 EXPERIENCE\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par

\pard\b Website Developer and Digital Media Manager, Dua Property\b0\tab\cf4 Oct 2025 - Present\cf1\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built and shipped a real estate platform with SEO-optimized listing pages and high-intent lead capture flows.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Designed responsive landing experiences and inquiry automation workflows for better conversion quality.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\cf4 Tech: React, Tailwind CSS, SEO, Web Hosting, Digital Marketing\cf1\par
\pard\sa80\par

\pard\b Website Developer, Kabana de Nature\b0\tab\cf4 Jan 2025 - Sep 2025\cf1\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Developed and deployed the official resort website from concept to production release.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Implemented booking UI, media gallery modules, and customer contact integrations with mobile-first usability.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\cf4 Tech: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PHP, SEO, DNS\cf1\par
\pard\sa80\par

\pard\b Community Organizer, Open Source Chandigarh\b0\tab\cf4 Sep 2025 - Present\cf1\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Organized workshops and meetups connecting students, developers, and industry professionals.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Promoted open-source collaboration and practical contribution workflows.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 PROJECTS\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par

\pard\b AADAT (AI-Powered Habit Tracking Platform)\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built a gamified social habit platform with streaks, XP, levels, and reward mechanics.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Integrated Gemini AI for personalized behavior insights and recommendations.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\cf4 Stack: React, Node.js, Express, MySQL, Gemini AI\cf1\par
\pard\sa60\par

\pard\b SkyEye (Face Recognition Attendance System)\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Automated attendance capture using facial recognition and session-based CSV export.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Processed approximately 80 students in under 2 minutes with stable output accuracy.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\cf4 Stack: Python, OpenCV, Machine Learning\cf1\par
\pard\sa60\par

\pard\b OCR Screenshot to Excel\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built OCR automation to extract phone numbers from 500+ screenshots into structured Excel sheets.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Reduced repetitive manual entry through preprocessing and extraction workflows.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\cf4 Stack: Python, EasyOCR, OpenCV\cf1\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 ACHIEVEMENTS\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet First Prize, DICE Techinovate: Outperformed 200+ teams and 1,000+ students in a multi-team innovation competition.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 SKILLS\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par
\pard\b Languages:\b0 Java, JavaScript, Python, C++, C\par
\pard\b Frontend:\b0 React, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap\par
\pard\b Backend:\b0 Node.js, Express, REST APIs, Authentication (JWT/OAuth2)\par
\pard\b Databases:\b0 MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite\par
\pard\b AI/CV:\b0 OpenCV, EasyOCR, Applied ML Workflows\par
\pard\b Tools:\b0 Git, GitHub, VS Code, Postman, Linux\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs24 EDUCATION\cf1\b0\f0\fs21\par
\pard\b Chitkara University\b0, B.E. Computer Science (2024 - 2028)\par
\pard\cf4 Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Full-Stack Development, Databases, Software Engineering\cf1\par
\pard\sa80\par

\pard\qc\cf4\i References available on request\i0\par
}