{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl900\margr900\margt720\margb720
\fs22
\pard\qc\b\fs34 Sambhav Sehgal\b0\fs22\par
\pard\qc Ambala, Haryana, India  |  sambhav.sehgal.007@gmail.com  |  +91-7988280245\par
\pard\qc GitHub: github.com/sambhav-007  |  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/sambhav-sehgal-35896a334\par
\pard\qc Portfolio: sambhavsehgal.vercel.app  |  LeetCode: leetcode.com/u/sambhavsehgal/\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY\b0\par
\pard Full-stack developer focused on building production-ready products with strong UI quality, scalable backend logic, and practical AI integrations. Delivered client projects in real estate and hospitality, and built automation/CV systems that reduce manual effort and improve speed.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b EDUCATION\b0\par
\pard \b Chitkara University\b0 \tab B.E. Computer Science (2024-2028)\par
\pard Relevant focus: Data Structures and Algorithms, Full-Stack Development, Databases, Software Engineering.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b EXPERIENCE\b0\par
\pard \b Website Developer and Digital Media Manager, Dua Property\b0 \tab Oct 2025 - Present\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built and shipped a production-ready real estate platform with SEO-optimized listings and lead capture flows.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Developed responsive landing pages and inquiry workflows, improving client lead quality and conversion readiness.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Tech: React, Tailwind CSS, SEO, Web Hosting, Digital Marketing.\par

\pard \b Website Developer, Kabana de Nature\b0 \tab Jan 2025 - Sep 2025\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Developed official hospitality website end-to-end from concept to deployment.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Implemented booking UI, gallery experiences, and customer contact integrations for mobile-first users.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Tech: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PHP, SEO, DNS.\par

\pard \b Community Organizer, Open Source Chandigarh\b0 \tab Sep 2025 - Present\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Organized meetups and technical sessions connecting students, developers, and industry professionals.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Drove awareness and participation in open-source contribution workflows.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b PROJECTS\b0\par
\pard \b AADAT - AI-Powered Habit Tracking Platform\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built gamified platform with streaks, XP, levels, and achievements to improve user consistency.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Integrated Gemini AI for personalized insights and habit recommendations.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Stack: React, Node.js, Express, MySQL, Gemini AI.\par

\pard \b SkyEye - Face Recognition Attendance System\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Automated classroom attendance with real-time facial recognition and CSV export workflows.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Processed approximately 80 students in under 2 minutes with reliable session-level output.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Stack: Python, OpenCV, Machine Learning.\par

\pard \b OCR Screenshot to Excel Automation\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built OCR pipeline to extract phone numbers from 500+ screenshots and output structured Excel data.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Reduced repetitive manual entry workload through image preprocessing and automated extraction.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Stack: Python, EasyOCR, OpenCV.\par
\pard\sa120\par

\pard\b TECHNICAL SKILLS\b0\par
\pard \b Languages:\b0 Java, JavaScript, Python, C++, C\par
\pard \b Frontend:\b0 React, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap\par
\pard \b Backend:\b0 Node.js, Express, REST APIs, Authentication (JWT/OAuth2)\par
\pard \b Databases:\b0 MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite\par
\pard \b AI and CV:\b0 OpenCV, OCR (EasyOCR), Applied ML workflows\par
\pard \b Tools:\b0 Git, GitHub, VS Code, Postman, Linux\par

\pard\sa120\b ACHIEVEMENTS AND LEADERSHIP\b0\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Active public speaker and community contributor across technical and student events.\par
\pard\li360\tx360\bullet Built and deployed multiple real-world client solutions with end-to-end ownership.\par

\pard\sa120\qc\i References available on request.\i0\par
}